Rephrased some text in await-once.md. (#178)
SOF3/await-generator: book/src/await-once.md

}
```

> Some callback-style async functions may also accept an `$onError` callback parameter. This callback can be acquired by accepting a second parameter `$reject`.

Author: > It is confusing to have both names $onError and $reject. They are just the same thing.

```suggestion
Some callback-style async functions may accept another callback for exception handling. This callback can be acquired by taking a second parameter `$reject`.
```
